Feature/clarity engine (#75)
Zenlytic/zenlytic-docs: data-modeling/view.md

# Views

> Views reference exactly one table in the database. They are organized into [topics](topic.md) for usage in Zenlytic, which define how they join together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Views reference exactly one table in the database. In Zenlytic, they are organized into [topics](topic.md) for usage that define how they join together.
```

Use `that` over `which` when introductory clauses are restrictive https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/general_writing/grammar/that_vs_which.html

`access_filters`: This is an optional list of [access filters](access_grants.md#access-filters) to apply to the view when it is queried.

> This will apply row-level security to the table. The behavior is to set the chosen column equal to the user attribute value. They are defined like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access filters can be used to apply row-level security against views. The following example shows how to make a specified column only visible to workspace members with a user attribute value:
```
